Over
[Music]
a quarter of a century ago, we began
with a vision to protect what Indians
hold dear, their health and their
assets, to shield against the
uncertainties of life and to build a
strong and resilient India. From a
modest beginning in 2001 to over 50
crore lives touched over the years. From
11 offices to over 300 currently and a
virtual presence in 1,000 plus cities.
From under one lakh policies to over 4
cr policies. From just a handful to over
15,000 passionate employees to over
85,000 people who have served the
organization over the years from a
limited distribution network to more
than 1.4 4 lakh agents strengthening our
leadership through acquisitions and
mergers
backed by a strong legacy of ICICI group
and parentage of ICICI bank and over 2.4
4 lakh shareholders
attaining a GWP of rupees 28,000 cr
processing over 6 cr claims over the
years to establishing ourselves as one
of India's leading private general
insurance company we have touched lives
we have built trust one customer one
policy one promise at a time we didn't
just evolve we re-imagined what
insurance could be. Digital yet
compassionate, comprehensive yet
personalized. We moved with agility and
led with courage.
We pioneered multiple initiatives from
innovation to industry transformation.
We didn't just keep pace, we set it
[Music]
and evolved from a risk transfer partner
to a risk solutions partner.
[Music]
Beyond the boardroom, we at ICICI
Lombard are committed to road safety,
healthcare and sustainability. We are
proud to partner with the ICICI
Foundation, the CSR arm of ICICI group.
The foundation has touched over 1.89
crore lives through its multiple
initiatives in healthcare, environment,
and ecology and sustainable livelihoods.
The journey thus far has been made
possible by an entire ecosystem and a
collective force of one IL1 team. Our
employees and their families, our
customers, our channel partners, our
strategic alliances, our shareholders,
and last but not the least, a
progressive regulator with utmost
humility and gratitude. As we step into
our silver jubile year, we can look back
at a remarkable journey. And as we look
ahead to a brighter future, here's to
fulfilling promises and to building a
resilient nation.
[Music]